Remove android game activity from default (#23708)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/android_activity.md

---
title: "Remove android game activity from default"
pull_requests: [23708]
---

> In the default features of bevy the `"android-game-activity"` was set. This blocks simply adding the `"android-native-activity"` together with the default features. Only one android activity could be set in one build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy previously had `"android-game-activity"` as part of its default features. Users that wanted to use "android-native-activity" instead, had to disable `default-features` and define all features + "android-native-activity" explicitly since they can't have both activity features at once.
```

Author: Thank you for better writing here.

> To make it possible to use the native activity with the defaults, the game activity is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now both activities are not part of the default features but need to be added explicitly.
```

> migration from bevy 0.18 to 0.19

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Migration from bevy 0.18 to 0.19:**
```

> For apps with GameActivity you need to add the feature `"android-game-activity"` in your `cargo.toml`. See updated examples/mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For apps using `GameActivity` you need to add the feature `"android-game-activity"` to your `Cargo.toml`:
```

```toml
bevy = { version = "0.19", features = ["android-game-activity"] }
```

> For apps with NativeActivity you do not need to change anything, but if you like, you should use now the default and add only the feature `"android-native-activity"` in your `cargo.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since apps using `NativeActivity` already define features explicitly, you don't have to necessarily make changes. If you want to use the default features instead, you can now just add the feature `"android-native-activity"` to your `Cargo.toml` instead of redefining features explicitly:
```

Author: I am not a nativ speaker. So thank you for correcting me.
